hey guys you all know pugs got the
fastest car on the farm right now my
beast er
ah ha ha
God looking got the nice and saks tires
on it my flag idea which he stole my
flag we're ready to rock and roll
well folks this is going to be the race
of all races it really is your Pug anees
racer a Rick and his new racer and I'm
telling you what it could be anyone's
game here
so they're both turning around now I
don't like they seem really done
what the hell
well he's gonna love that I'll use the
zoom he says use the zoom Raquel right
your cameras like so so you've now got a
load of ground and a load of nothing how
do you like that that's even better than
me muffin the actual record bar night
there let's hope you do another one
we're not doing no more zoom in like you
said once before zoom is your enemy yeah
definitely anyhow you're getting ready
to go again not messing with that zoom
anymore
hey I got
oh I tell you what that Carla pugs got
is absolutely amazing look at it go you
would never think that you think that
that NESN would be out again it it's
just wrong
well there you go tubers there you go
you draw any finish he thinking beat
bugs car I'm down his field you paste be
bringing it down because no one's beat
it yet poor our rear guy he thought the
an eraser the end of that was a rice
rocket haha d right oh well he's happy
looks like they can have another go
we're not going to zoom in look what
happen last time here they go I bugs
still away I've been in big rally tars
he's got a Francie's get loads of grip
look at him go I think it's been playing
without this week he's done something to
it seemed first up its way back
he's going on here I can't believe it
hey I just don't believe it looks like
it's gonna be in trouble hey maybe
sploder up oh maybe a flat and sort of
flat maybe yeah look so he's got flat Oh
looks like he's got two flats always
definitely got one definitely got one
flower so what do you reckon buddy we've
got a we've got a good set of 14 yeah
I'll and as soon as I can just hook
thing hooked up if what you kick it at
ok buddy haha let's get er done hi in
this thing once it hugs up it falls your
back yeah you need some rallies are so
he's going front of that let's have a
look at him folks let's see what he's
got a flood of these look at these this
is why this is why he gets so much
traction look a little bit o rally tozzi
so
lumely no night with a flat iron or a
good
or self taught us
one breaker haha let's get him toss on
that boy get up going that flag
well if if that aint alien I don't know
what is this is crop circles at days for
I didn't quite right we go yeah UFO
unidentified with me sooner
that's definitely a unidentified
freaking object
there he goes nice crop circles here
eerie really haha house with scotty
here's your beautiful car she's all
done-up but we had a bit of an accident
are you really really really really
there's the bastard that hit me
we were shooting at my car